it's a time that there was a dressing
room you walked into a door there a
whole door and you could close the door
and you could try on clothes and cry or
whatever you do in the dressing room but
you had a door there's no door any
longer you go to try and closing the
doors just getting higher and higher up
and lower and lower down you're trying
to get undressed behind a piece of two
by four back there you people can see
the underwear going down around your
ankles you know I don't know about you
but I always take my underwear off no
matter what I'm trying on I just
used to habit really that's it that the
salesperson can get to you because they
couldn't before with the door they just
be on the outside the door can I get you
anything you need anything everything
all right there how's everything could
it get you anything now they can just
poke their head in there can I get you
anything how's everything do you think
everything I role in upside down on the
little car mechanic gurney that they get
I said I would call you Rachel I don't
need anything
scoop boy they check on you a lot don't
they what could be going so wrong that
they need to check on you that offended
my bras in my ass
Rachel
I like to see how far they'll go to help
you if you tell them your bras on your
ass
oh my it's in the ass
do you need a different size or color I
don't know what to do about the brawny
ass
I'll get the manager I don't know I mean
they've taken the mirror out of the
dressing room so you're forced to walk
out to take a look at yourself so they
get another crack actually to tell you
how you look because you don't have
opinions of your own just that looks
fabulous really yes get your ass looks
fabulous that's how they get you they
tell your ass looks good you're buying
it
that blouse makes your ass look fabulous
is that their bra
well it makes your ass look fabulous
you